fs_storage/readme/USAGE.md, before:

## Configuration

When you create a new backend, you must specify the following:

- The name of the backend. This is the name that will be used to
  identify the backend into Odoo
- The code of the backend. This code will identify the backend into the
  store_fname field of the ir.attachment model. This code must be
  unique. It will be used as scheme. example of the store_fname field:
  `odoofs://abs34Tg11`.
- The protocol used by the backend. The protocol refers to the supported
  protocols of the fsspec python package.
- A directory path. This is a root directory from which the filesystem
  will be mounted. This directory must exist.
- The protocol options. These are the options that will be passed to the
  fsspec python package when creating the filesystem. These options
  depend on the protocol used and are described in the fsspec
  documentation.
- Resolve env vars. This options resolves the protocol options values
  starting with \$ from environment variables

Some protocols defined in the fsspec package are wrappers around other
protocols. For example, the SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol is a wrapper
around any local filesystem protocol. In such cases, you must specify
into the protocol options the protocol to be wrapped and the options to
be passed to the wrapped protocol.

For example, if you want to create a backend that uses the
SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol, after selecting the
SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol, you must specify the protocol options as
follows:

``` python
{
    "directory_path": "/tmp/my_backend",
    "target_protocol": "odoofs",
    "target_options": {...},
}
```

In this example, the SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol will be used as a
wrapper around the odoofs protocol.

## Server Environment

To ease the management of the filesystem storages configuration accross
the different environments, the configuration of the filesystem storages
can be defined in environment files or directly in the main
configuration file. For example, the configuration of a filesystem
storage with the code fsprod can be provided in the main configuration
file as follows:

``` ini
[fs_storage.fsprod]
protocol=s3
options={"endpoint_url": "https://my_s3_server/", "key": "KEY", "secret": "SECRET"}
directory_path=my_bucket
```

To work, a storage.backend record must exist with the code fsprod into
the database. In your configuration section, you can specify the value
for the following fields:

- protocol
- options
- directory_path

## Migration from storage_backend

The fs_storage addon can be used to replace the storage_backend addon.
(It has been designed to be a drop-in replacement for the
storage_backend addon). To ease the migration, the fs.storage model
defines the high-level methods available in the storage_backend model.
These methods are:

- add
- get
- list_files
- find_files
- move_files
- delete

These methods are wrappers around the methods of the
fsspec.AbstractFileSystem class (see
<https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.spec.AbstractFileSystem>).
These methods are marked as deprecated and will be removed in a future
version (V18) of the addon. You should use the methods of the
fsspec.AbstractFileSystem class instead since they are more flexible and
powerful. You can access the instance of the fsspec.AbstractFileSystem
class using the fs property of a fs.storage record.

Commit message:

[IMP] fs_storage : Allow to choose different method to check connection

fs_storage/readme/USAGE.md, after:

## Configuration

When you create a new backend, you must specify the following:

- The name of the backend. This is the name that will be used to
  identify the backend into Odoo
- The code of the backend. This code will identify the backend into the
  store_fname field of the ir.attachment model. This code must be
  unique. It will be used as scheme. example of the store_fname field:
  `odoofs://abs34Tg11`.
- The protocol used by the backend. The protocol refers to the supported
  protocols of the fsspec python package.
- A directory path. This is a root directory from which the filesystem
  will be mounted. This directory must exist.
- The protocol options. These are the options that will be passed to the
  fsspec python package when creating the filesystem. These options
  depend on the protocol used and are described in the fsspec
  documentation.
- Resolve env vars. This options resolves the protocol options values
  starting with \$ from environment variables
- Check Connection Method. If set, Odoo will always check the connection before
  using a storage and it will remove the fs connection from the cache if the
  check fails.

  - `Create Marker file`: create a hidden file on remote and then check it
    exists with Use it if you have write access to the remote and if it is not
    an issue to leave the marker file in the root directory.
  - `List file`: list all files from the root directory. You can use it if the
    directory path does not contain a big list of files (for performance
    reasons)

Some protocols defined in the fsspec package are wrappers around other
protocols. For example, the SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol is a wrapper
around any local filesystem protocol. In such cases, you must specify
into the protocol options the protocol to be wrapped and the options to
be passed to the wrapped protocol.

For example, if you want to create a backend that uses the
SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol, after selecting the
SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol, you must specify the protocol options as
follows:

``` python
{
    "directory_path": "/tmp/my_backend",
    "target_protocol": "odoofs",
    "target_options": {...},
}
```

In this example, the SimpleCacheFileSystem protocol will be used as a
wrapper around the odoofs protocol.

## Server Environment

To ease the management of the filesystem storages configuration accross
the different environments, the configuration of the filesystem storages
can be defined in environment files or directly in the main
configuration file. For example, the configuration of a filesystem
storage with the code fsprod can be provided in the main configuration
file as follows:

``` ini
[fs_storage.fsprod]
protocol=s3
options={"endpoint_url": "https://my_s3_server/", "key": "KEY", "secret": "SECRET"}
directory_path=my_bucket
```

To work, a storage.backend record must exist with the code fsprod into
the database. In your configuration section, you can specify the value
for the following fields:

- protocol
- options
- directory_path

## Migration from storage_backend

The fs_storage addon can be used to replace the storage_backend addon.
(It has been designed to be a drop-in replacement for the
storage_backend addon). To ease the migration, the fs.storage model
defines the high-level methods available in the storage_backend model.
These methods are:

- add
- get
- list_files
- find_files
- move_files
- delete

These methods are wrappers around the methods of the
fsspec.AbstractFileSystem class (see
<https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.spec.AbstractFileSystem>).
These methods are marked as deprecated and will be removed in a future
version (V18) of the addon. You should use the methods of the
fsspec.AbstractFileSystem class instead since they are more flexible and
powerful. You can access the instance of the fsspec.AbstractFileSystem
class using the fs property of a fs.storage record.
