storage_image/README.rst, before:

=============
Storage Image
=============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0680fb1c3e4e31227bf4dfd006f05fb308a826556ca0fcfdc65c995143104cec
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstorage-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_image
    :alt: OCA/storage
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-18-0/storage-18-0-storage_image
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

External image management depending on Storage File module.

It include these features:

-  image resizing: thumbnail, etc.
-  store metadata like: checksum, mimetype

Use cases:

-  product images on CDN for e-commerce website
-  raw products images on cheap storage (ie AWS Glacier, AWS S3)

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/new?body=module:%20storage_image%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
-  Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
-  Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
-  Antiun Ingeniería S.L. - Jairo Llopis
-  Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>
-  Quentin Groulard <quentin.groulard@acsone.eu>
-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

   -  Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@gmail.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/storage <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_image>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] storage_image: Migration to 18.0

storage_image/README.rst, after:

=============
Storage Image
=============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0680fb1c3e4e31227bf4dfd006f05fb308a826556ca0fcfdc65c995143104cec
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstorage-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_image
    :alt: OCA/storage
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-18-0/storage-18-0-storage_image
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

External image management depending on Storage File module.

It include these features:

-  image resizing: thumbnail, etc.
-  store metadata like: checksum, mimetype

Use cases:

-  product images on CDN for e-commerce website
-  raw products images on cheap storage (ie AWS Glacier, AWS S3)

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/new?body=module:%20storage_image%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
-  Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
-  Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@serviciosbaeza.com>
-  Antiun Ingeniería S.L. - Jairo Llopis
-  Denis Roussel <denis.roussel@acsone.eu>
-  Quentin Groulard <quentin.groulard@acsone.eu>
-  `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

   -  Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@gmail.com>

-  Vo Hong Thien <thienvh@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 15.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/storage <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_image>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
