storage_backend_s3/README.rst, before:

==================
Storage Backend S3
==================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:76e4ebc7d37af8aa2744514100e89ce4934c00275d1271e22f1d0249bedff7fa
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstorage-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_backend_s3
    :alt: OCA/storage
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-18-0/storage-18-0-storage_backend_s3
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add the possibility to store and get data from amazon S3 for your
storage backend

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to "Technical -> Storage backend -> Storage backend" and create a new
backend of type "Amazon S3".

Example of configuration via env
--------------------------------

[storage_backend.name_of_your_backend] backend_type=amazon_s3
served_by=external base_url=\ https://your.cdn.domain.com
directory_path=foo # if you want to store in this folder
url_include_directory_path=1 # if you want to include the above folder
in the URL aws_bucket=your-bucket-name aws_file_acl=public-read
aws_access_key_id=$SECRET aws_secret_access_key=$MORESECRET
aws_region=eu-central-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

There is an issue with the latest version of boto3 and urllib3 - boto3
needs to be boto3<=1.15.18 related with
https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/67

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/new?body=module:%20storage_backend_s3%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
-  Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
-  Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/storage <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_backend_s3>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] storage_backend_s3: Migration to 18.0

storage_backend_s3/README.rst, after:

==================
Storage Backend S3
==================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:76e4ebc7d37af8aa2744514100e89ce4934c00275d1271e22f1d0249bedff7fa
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstorage-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_backend_s3
    :alt: OCA/storage
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-18-0/storage-18-0-storage_backend_s3
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Add the possibility to store and get data from amazon S3 for your
storage backend

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to "Technical -> Storage backend -> Storage backend" and create a new
backend of type "Amazon S3".

Example of configuration via env

::

   [storage_backend.name_of_your_backend]
   backend_type=amazon_s3
   served_by=external
   base_url=https://your.cdn.domain.com
   directory_path=foo  # if you want to store in this folder
   url_include_directory_path=1  # if you want to include the above folder in the URL
   aws_bucket=your-bucket-name
   aws_file_acl=public-read
   aws_access_key_id=$SECRET
   aws_secret_access_key=$MORESECRET
   aws_region=eu-central-1

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

There is an issue with the latest version of boto3 and urllib3 - boto3
needs to be boto3<=1.15.18 related with
https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/67

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/storage/issues/new?body=module:%20storage_backend_s3%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Sebastien Beau <sebastien.beau@akretion.com>
-  Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>
-  Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 15.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/storage <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/18.0/storage_backend_s3>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
